One point------------about the function of time group, authority and user group, which should be paid attention to: 
    1.edit in the message box dialog and press the save button ,which only changes the memory and the information inside the database , and will not immediately be uploaded to the device. 
    2.in the main dialog box, right-click the device list items, pop-up menus,and make the operation of uploading time group, authority and user group information  to the device. 
    3.time group, authority and  user groups can  only be by batch uploaded to the interface.


Two  point-------------download the user from the device. 
    1. A interface to download a single user. 
    2. A interface used to download according to the user ID. 
    3. download all users, download the steps below:
      First,   launch a command of downloading all the users to the device. 
      Second, the device receives the command and returns the user ID collection. 
      Third, Take apart again according to the ID set, several groups of fixed size ID set (each N users for a group), the subcontract to download. 
      Fourth,  download  the user ID according to the ID  collection.


Three  point-----------download records from the device. 
    1.A interface to download alarm recording  and  a interface to download identification record . 
    2. A interface to real-time record (including identification record and alarm record) and initiative report. 
    3. download alarm record ID interval set, a CPM_DLRangeAlarm interface. 
    4. download record ID identifying a set interval, there CPM_DLRangeRec interface. 
    5. download identification record and alarm recording, call CPM_DLRecEx. 
    6. either  an alarm recording or identification recording, which can be download by steps  as follows: 

       First, launch a request of downloading the records to the  device. 
           This step has four interfaces to implement: 
           CPM_DLAllIdentifyRecord to download all identified records
           CPM_DLAllAlarmRecord to download all alarm records 
 CPM_DLRangeRec to download  N ID identification records after one of ID recorded. 
            CPM_DLRangeAlarm to download N alarm records after one of ID recorded.
 
       Second, the device receives the command, and returns a record of ID range collection. 

       Third, unpacking download. 
           1, Because our equipment's  records are returned  according to  form an interval per day, 
              an interval number of records may exceed the maximum number limit of single download article records .Therefore  large interval need to be split into  cells. 
           2, Interval structure is  according  to  : ID of the firt record interval + download numbers + the first record of whether to download  the interval or not. 
              This requires that the first record ID of download interval is   ID of  the last one record which was dowloaded last time , and  the first record of the download interval don't be downloaded. 
           3, Follwed  the second ,  Single equipment records of a single large interval between split into community, to download records need to be synchronized.
              That must be downloaded One by one between zones. 
           4, if the interval is less than the upper limit of a single large interval record number of downloads, you can download multiple large intervals in parallel. 

       Fourth, download history according to the interval . 
           When downloading record by the interval, the interval record can not be downloaded if the record number is 0.


Four  point--------users upload to the device. 
  1, there is a single user interface to upload. 
  2, there are  user interface to   upload by bulk too. 
  3, the device has taken the initiative to manage end load user requests. 
     After receiving the request management through CPM_ULRealTimeUser user interface to upload to the device. 
  4, initiate remote capture the user's command by CPM_ULRealTimeUserCap of equipment. 
  5, upload a user information, including at least a text message.

Five  point--------------device logs, change according to the download logic, and record download similar.

Six  point---------------Interface to remove the device user, time group, permissions, user group, logging, which can only delete by bulk.
Seven  point------------alarm / detection recording without deleting the interface, but the device covered by cyclic manner, covering the latest record produced originated storage records.


           
           